---
title: Convert PDF to EMF via .NET 
weight: 1880
url: /net/conversion/pdf-to-emf/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PDF to EMF via C#" h2="Export PDF documents to multiple formats including EMF on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="EMF" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PDF" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PDF to EMF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert PDF to EMF, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.PDF" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PDF to EMF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF makes it easy for the developers to load & convert PDF files to EMF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PDF file with an instance of Document class
1.  Create & set the instance of EmfDevice class with Size & Resolution
1.  Call EmfDevice.Process method with page index & output file path as parameters

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load PDF with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document("template.pdf");

// create an object of emfDevice
var renderer = new Aspose.Pdf.Devices.EmfDevice();

// convert a particular page and save the image in EMF format
renderer.Process(document.Pages[1], "output.emf"); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert PDF to EMF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [PDF to EMF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/pdf-to-emf) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PDF file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant EMF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PDF" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}
Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="emf" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/emf/" >}}
Enhanced metafile format (EMF) stores graphical images device-independently. Metafiles of EMF comprises of variable-length records in chronological order that can render the stored image after parsing on any output device. These variable-length records can be definitions of enclosed objects, commands for drawing, and graphics properties critical to render the image accurately. When a device opens an EMF metafile using its own graphics environment, the proportions, dimensions, colors and other graphic properties of original image remains same regardless of the opening device platform.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}