---
title: Convert PS to DOCX via .NET 
weight: 2700
url: /net/conversion/ps-to-docx/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert PS to DOCX via C#" h2="Export PS documents to multiple formats including DOCX on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="DOCX" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="PS" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert PS to DOCX Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert PS to DOCX, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.PDF" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert PS to DOCX via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF makes it easy for the developers to load & convert PS files to DOCX in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load PS file with an instance of Document
1.  Call the Document.Save method while passing the output file path & SaveFormat.Docx as parameters
1.  DOCX file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load PS with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document("template.ps");
// save document in DOCX format
document.Save("output.docx", Aspose.Pdf.SaveFormat.Docx); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert PS to DOCX" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [PS to DOCX conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/ps-to-docx) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your PS file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant DOCX file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="PS" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/page-description-language/ps/" >}}
PostScript (PS) is a general-purpose page description language used in the business of desktop and electronic publishing. The main focus of PostScript (PS) is to facilitate the two-dimensional graphic design. Most languages require a distinct compilation stage before the code execution while Post Script (PS) format support a runtime straight forward interpretation. Its early version defines the graphical shapes, different text appearances and modelled imageries on printed pages or displayed pages, following the rules of Adobe imaging model. A program of PS is able to intercommunicate a document description between a composition and printing system keeping the device independent and high-level. Moreover this program is also capable of governing the appearance of text and graphics on a display.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="docx" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/word-processing/docx/" >}}
DOCX is a well-known format for Microsoft Word documents. Introduced from 2007 with the release of Microsoft Office 2007, the structure of this new Document format was changed from plain binary to a combination of XML and binary files. Docx files can be opened with Word 2007 and lateral versions but not with the earlier versions of MS Word which support DOC file extensions.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}