---
title: Convert HTML to JPEG via .NET 
url: /net/conversion/html-to-jpeg/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert HTML to JPEG via C#" h2="Export HTML documents to multiple formats including JPEG on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="JPEG" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="HTML" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/pdf/net" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert HTML to JPEG Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert HTML to JPEG, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.PDF" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert HTML to JPEG via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF makes it easy for the developers to load & convert HTML files to JPEG in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1. Load HTML file with an instance of Document class
1. Create & set the instance of JpegDevice class with Size & Resolution 
1. Call JpegDevice.Process method with page index & output file path as parameters


{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load HTML with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document("template.html");

// create an object of jpegDevice
var renderer = new Aspose.Pdf.Devices.JpegDevice();

// convert a particular page and save the image in JPEG format
renderer.Process(document.Pages[1], "output.jpeg"); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert HTML to JPEG" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [HTML to JPEG conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/html-to-jpeg) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your HTML file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant JPEG file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="HTML" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/web/html/" >}}
HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is the extension for web pages created for display in browsers. Known as language of the web, HTML has evolved with requirements of new information requirements to be displayed as part of web pages. The latest variant is known as HTML 5 that gives a lot of flexibility for working with the language. HTML pages are either received from server, where these are hosted, or can be loaded from local system as well. Each HTML page is made up of HTML elements such as forms, text, images, animations, links, etc. These elements are represented by tags such as img, a, p and several others where each tag has start and end. It can also embed applications written in scripting languages such as JavaScript and Style Sheets (CSS) for overall layout representation.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="jpeg" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/jpeg/" >}}
A JPEG is a type of image format that is saved using the method of lossy compression. The output image, as result of compression, is a trade-off between storage size and image quality. Users can adjust the compression level to achieve the desired quality level while at the same time reduce the storage size. Image quality is negligibly affected if 10:1 compression is applied to the image.  The higher the compression value, the higher the degradation in image quality. JPEG image file format was standardized by the Joint Photographic Experts Group and, hence, the name JPEG. The format has been the choice of storing and transmitting photographic images on the web. Almost all Operating systems now have viewers that support visualization of JPEG images, which are often stored with JPG extension as well. Even the web browsers support visualization of JPEG images.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/other-supported-section title="Other Supported Conversions" subTitle="You can also convert HTML into many other file formats including few listed below." >}}

{{other_supported_lnks}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/other-supported-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}