---
title: Convert MHTML to PNG via .NET 
weight: 1860
url: /net/conversion/mhtml-to-png/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert MHTML to PNG via C#" h2="Export MHTML documents to multiple formats including PNG on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="PNG" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="MHTML" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert MHTML to PNG Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert MHTML to PNG, weвЂ™ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.PDF" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert MHTML to PNG via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF makes it easy for the developers to load & convert MHTML files to PNG in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load MHTML file with an instance of Document class
1.  Create & set the instance of PngDevice class with Size & Resolution
1.  Call PngDevice.Process method with page index & output file path as parameters

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load MHTML with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document("template.mhtml");

// create an object of pngDevice
var renderer = new Aspose.Pdf.Devices.PngDevice();

// convert a particular page and save the image in PNG format
renderer.Process(document.Pages[1], "output.png"); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert MHTML to PNG" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [MHTML to PNG conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/mhtml-to-png) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your MHTML file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant PNG file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="MHTML" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/web/mhtml/" >}}
Files with MHTML extension represent a web page archive format that can be created by a number of different applications. The format is known as archive format because it saves the web HTML code and associated resources in a single file. These resources include anything linked to the webpage such as images, applets, animations, audio files and so on. MHTML files can be opened in a variety of applications such as Internet Explorer and Microsoft Word. Microsoft Windows uses MHTML file format for recording scenarios of problems observed during the usage of any application on Windows that raises issues. The MHTML file format encodes the page contents similar to specifications defined in message/rfc822 which is plain text email related specifications. The actual specifications of the format are as detailed by RFC 2557.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="png" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/png/" >}}
PNG, Portable Network Graphics, refers to a type of raster image file format that use loseless compression. This file format was created as a replacement of Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) and has no copyright limitations. However, PNG file format does not support animations. PNG file format supports loseless image compression that makes it popular among its users. With the passage of time, PNG has evolved as one of the mostly used image file format. Almost all Operating Systems have support for opening PNG files. For example, Microsoft Windows viewer has the capability to open PNG files as the OS has by default the support available as part of installation.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}