---
title: Convert EPS to XLS via .NET 
weight: 2060
url: /net/conversion/eps-to-xls/ 
description: Try our On-Premise APIs with your document on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert EPS to XLS via C#" h2="Export EPS documents to multiple formats including XLS on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="XLS" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="EPS" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.com/templates/aspose/App_Themes/V3/images/pdf/272x272/aspose_pdf-for-net.png" apiHomeLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="" learnAsLink="" apiReference="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert EPS to XLS Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert EPS to XLS, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Aspose.PDF" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert EPS to XLS via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF makes it easy for the developers to load & convert EPS files to XLS in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1.  Load EPS file with an instance of Document
1.  Call the Document.Save method while passing the output file path & SaveFormat.Xls as parameters
1.  XLS file will be saved at the specified path

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Aspose.PDF for .NET is supported on all major operating systems. Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Command" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load EPS with an instance of Document
var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document("template.eps");
// save document in XLS format
document.Save("output.xls", Aspose.Pdf.SaveFormat.Xls); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert EPS to XLS" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [EPS to XLS conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/eps-to-xls) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your EPS file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant XLS file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="EPS" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/page-description-language/eps/" >}}
FIles with EPS extension essentially describe an Encapsulated PostScript language program that describes the appearance of a single page. The name "Encapsulated" because it can be included or encapsulated in another PostScript language page description. This script based file format may contain any combination of text, graphics and images. EPS files may include a bitmap preview image encapsulated inside for display by applications that can open such files. EPS files can be converted to standard image formats such as JPG, PNG, TIFF and PDF using different applications e.g. Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop and PaintShop Pro. Because of a security vulnerability in EPS files, Office 2016, Office 2013, Office 2010, and Office 365 have turned off the ability to insert EPS files into Office documents.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="xls" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/spreadsheet/xls/" >}}
Files with XLS extension represent Excel Binary File Format. Such files can be created by Microsoft Excel as well as other similar spreadsheet programs such as OpenOffice Calc or Apple Numbers. File saved by Excel is known as Workbook where each workbook can have one or more worksheets. Data is stored and displayed to users in table format in worksheet and can span numeric values, text data, formulas, external data connections, images, and charts. Applications like Microsoft Excel lets you export workbook data to several different formats including PDF, CSV, XLSX, TXT, HTML, XPS, and several others. The XLS file format was replaced with a more open and structured format, XLSX, with the release of Microsoft Excel 2007. The latest versions still provide support for creating and reading XLS files, though XLSX is the first choice of use now.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}