---
title: Convert HTML to PDF via C# 
url: /net/conversion/html-to-pdf/ 
description: Convert HTML File to PDF using C# or VB.NET. C# HTML to PDF converter API can easily be used within any ASP.NET or .NET application
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert HTML to PDF via C#" h2="Convert a webpage or multiple HTML files to PDF on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="PDF" pfName="Aspose.PDF" subTitlepfName="for .NET" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="HTML" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" apiHomeLink="" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/pdf/net" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert HTML to PDF Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert HTML to PDF, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use PDF manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Even one can also generates password-protected PDF files. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 **Aspose.PDF** 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Package Manager Console Command" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert HTML to PDF via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 API makes it easy for the developers to load & convert HTML files to PDF in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1. Load HTML file with an instance of Document
1. Set encryption parameters to generate Password Protected PDF
1. Call the Document.Save method while passing the output file path & SaveFormat.Pdf as parameters
1. PDF file will be saved at the specified path
1. For creating PDF from HTML using URL use WebRequest and Stream Object or HttpClient


{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Just make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.
- Add namespace in relevant class

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="This C# source code shows how to convert HTML to PDF" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// Load HTML Document
var htmlDoc = new Document("template.html");
// For HTML to encrypted PDF Set encryption parameters
htmlDoc.Encrypt("user_password", "owner_Password", Permissions.ModifyContent, CryptoAlgorithm.AESx256);
// save document in PDF format
htmlDoc.Save("output.pdf", SaveFormat.Pdf); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert HTML to PDF" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [HTML to PDF conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/html-to-pdf) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your HTML file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant PDF file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. It supports converting various file formats into PDF including HTML and converting PDF documents into various output formats. Developers can easily render all HTML content in a single Page PDF as well as convert HTML files with SVG graphic tags to Tagged PDF files. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="HTML" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/web/html/" >}}
HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is the extension for web pages created for display in browsers. Known as language of the web, HTML has evolved with requirements of new information requirements to be displayed as part of web pages. The latest variant is known as HTML 5 that gives a lot of flexibility for working with the language. HTML pages are either received from server, where these are hosted, or can be loaded from local system as well. Each HTML page is made up of HTML elements such as forms, text, images, animations, links, etc. These elements are represented by tags such as img, a, p and several others where each tag has start and end. It can also embed applications written in scripting languages such as JavaScript and Style Sheets (CSS) for overall layout representation.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="pdf" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/view/pdf/" >}}
Portable Document Format (PDF) is a type of document created by Adobe back in 1990s. The purpose of this file format was to introduce a standard for representation of documents and other reference material in a format that is independent of application software, hardware as well as Operating System. PDF files can be opened in Adobe Acrobat Reader/Writer as well in most modern browsers like Chrome, Safari, Firefox via extensions/plug-ins. Most of the commercially available software suites also offer conversion of their documents to PDF file format without the requirement of any additional software component. Thus, PDF file format has full capability to contain information like text, images, hyperlinks, form-fields, rich media, digital signatures, attachments, metadata, Geospatial features and 3D objects in it that can become as part of source document.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->

{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}