---
title: Convert XSLFO to JPEG via C# 
url: /net/conversion/xslfo-to-jpeg/ 
description: Sample code for XSLFO to JPEG C# conversion. Use API example code for batch XSLFO files to JPEG conversion within VB.NET, Asp.NET or any .NET based application.
---

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class isAutogenPage="true">}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/upper-banner h1="Convert XSLFO to JPEG via C#" h2="Export XSLFO documents to multiple formats including JPEG on .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop." logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" sourceAdditionalConversionTag="" additionalConversionTag="JPEG" pfName="" subTitlepfName="" downloadUrl="" fileiconsmall1="HTML" fileiconsmall2="JPG" fileiconsmall3="PDF" fileiconsmall4="XML" fileiconsmall5="XSLFO" >}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/main-container pfName="Aspose.PDF " subTitlepfName="for .NET" >}}
{{< blocks/products/pf/sub-menu autoGeneratedVersion="true" logoImageSrc="https://www.aspose.cloud/templates/aspose/img/products/pdf/aspose_pdf-for-net.svg" apiHomeLink="" codeSamplesLink="https://github.com/aspose-pdf" liveDemosLink="https://products.aspose.app/pdf/family" docsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" installationsDocsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" nugetLink="https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf" nugetPackageName="" downloadAsLink="https://downloads.aspose.com/pdf/net" learnAsLink="https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net" apiReference="" mavenRepoLink="" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="How to Convert XSLFO to JPEG Using C#" %}}

 In order to convert XSLFO to JPEG, we’ll use
 [Aspose.PDF for .NET](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/net) 
 API which is a feature-rich, powerful and easy to use document manipulation and conversion API for C# platform. Open
 [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/aspose.pdf) 
 package manager, search for
 Aspose.PDF 
 and install. You may also use the following command from the Package Manager Console.

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="Package Manager Console Command" offSpacer="true" %}}

```cs

PM> Install-Package Aspose.PDF

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section isGrey="true" >}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="Steps to Convert XSLFO to JPEG via C#" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 .NET developers can easily load & convert XSLFO files to JPEG in just a few lines of code.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

1. Load XSLFO file with an instance of Document class
1. Create & set the instance of JpegDevice class with Size & Resolution 
1. Call JpegDevice.Process method with page index & output file path as parameters


{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col title="System Requirements" %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

 Before running the .NET conversion sample code, make sure that you have the following prerequisites.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/text %}}

-  Microsoft Windows or a compatible OS with .NET Framework, .NET Core, and PHP, VBScript, Delphi, C++ via COM Interop.
-  Development environment like Microsoft Visual Studio.
-  Aspose.PDF for .NET DLL referenced in your project.

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section-col %}}

{{% blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block title="This sample code shows XSLFO to JPEG C# Conversion" offSpacer="" %}}

```cs
// load XSLFO with an instance of Document
var document = new Document("template.xslfo");

// create an object of jpegDevice
var renderer = new Devices.JpegDevice();

// convert a particular page and save the image in JPEG format
renderer.Process(document.Pages[1], "output.jpeg"); 

```

{{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/code-block %}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/feature-section >}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/faq-item question="" answer="" >}}
 

<!-- aboutfile Starts -->

{{< blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox sectionTitle="Free App to Convert XSLFO to JPEG" sectionDescription="Check our live demos for [XSLFO to JPEG conversion](https://products.aspose.app/pdf/conversion/xslfo-to-jpeg) with following benefits." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-cogs" text=" No need to download or setup anything." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-edit" text=" No need to write any code." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-file-text" text=" Just upload your XSLFO file and hit the \"Convert\" button." >}}
        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/democard icon="fa-download" text=" You will instantly get the download link for resultant JPEG file." >}}

    {{% blocks/products/pf/agp/content h2="" %}}

 A PDF Processing Library to create cross-platform applications with the ability to generate, modify, convert, render, secure and print documents without using Adobe Acrobat. .NET PDF API offers compression, table creation, graph & image functions, hyperlinks, stamp and watermarking tasks, extended security controls & custom font handling.



    {{% /blocks/products/pf/agp/content %}}

    {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="XSLFO" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/page-description-language/xslfo/" >}}
XSL-FO (XSL Formatting Objects) is a powerful stylesheet language for formatting XML documents. The semantics of the bounded form of paper and print are expressed by XSL-FO when the dimensions are fixed. In contrast to HTML, which represents the semantics of the unbounded form of a browser window with variable dimensions. The XML documents formatted by XSL-FO are mostly used to generate PDF files. XSL (Extensible Stylesheet Language) is a set of feature complete W3C technologies intended to design for the formatting and exchange of XML documents and XSL-FO is a part of this language. XSLT and XPath are also other parts of XSL.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

        {{< blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text fileFormat="jpeg" readMoreLink="https://docs.fileformat.com/image/jpeg/" >}}
A JPEG is a type of image format that is saved using the method of lossy compression. The output image, as result of compression, is a trade-off between storage size and image quality. Users can adjust the compression level to achieve the desired quality level while at the same time reduce the storage size. Image quality is negligibly affected if 10:1 compression is applied to the image.  The higher the compression value, the higher the degradation in image quality. JPEG image file format was standardized by the Joint Photographic Experts Group and, hence, the name JPEG. The format has been the choice of storing and transmitting photographic images on the web. Almost all Operating systems now have viewers that support visualization of JPEG images, which are often stored with JPG extension as well. Even the web browsers support visualization of JPEG images.

        {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-text >}}

    {{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/about-file-section >}}

{{< /blocks/products/pf/agp/demobox >}}

<!-- aboutfile Ends -->



{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-container >}}
    
{{< /blocks/products/pf/main-wrap-class >}}